---
layout: post
title: millionth post
---

###Last, First, Best, Worst
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Last week saw discussion on our latest and last project: Conyway's game of life (Life).
It is starting to look like a lot of work and lessons learned in Darwin can be carried over into Life.

The game of life consists of cells that are alive or dead, and that are of two types: Conway and Fredkin.
Cells become alive when the number of neighbors meets certain conditions, likewise cells die when these conditions are not sustained.

Conway cells will check all 8 directions surrounding a conway cell where applicable (corners and sides allow 3 and 5 neighbors, respectively)
and Fredkin cells will check the N,S,E,W neighbors where applicable.

It requires implementing abstract classes, concrete classes, and a handler/wrapper class to handle the situation when the board is intialized
with the wrapper class "Cell".

The math and patterns associated with "Life" is very fascinating and it is interesting to know that for sometime Conway himself
disliked being associated with this as he felt there were so many more interesting things out there.

Wednesday saw Atlassian come into class and talk about agile workflow and also demonstrate a project that was performed using
agile methodologies.

What is agile? In a nutshell, do not plan for too far into the future because we're not fortune tellers.
Plan enough for a short "sprint" and see what gets done and each day take a moment to tell everyone how everything is going
and discuss anything that you need help. This allows people to fail or succeed quickly and identify where help is necessary.
These small iteration cycles allow for a realistic view of projects that can be completed.

Take small bites out of your sandwich and you won't choke.

Friday I was absent. Boo hoo. Traffic is rough.


Tip of the week:
[Go](https://golang.org/).
During my interviewing all this fall semester, at least 4 companies I interviewed with mentioned Go or asked
 if I had even said it as I sneezed. When I notice a trend, it causes me to become curious, and when I'm curious...s'plorins.

Basicamente, tenta alguma coisa nova. Basically, try something new.

Tchau!
